Create a FragmentScenario sample (#261)
googlesamples/android-testing: ui/espresso/FragmentScenarioSample/README.md

# Sample for FragmentScenario with Espresso

*A simple example that shows use of FragmentScenario with Espresso.*

This project uses the Gradle build system. You don't need an IDE to build and execute it but Android Studio 3.4 is recommended.

1. Download the project code, preferably using `git clone`.
1. In Android Studio, select *File* | *Open...* and point to the `./build.gradle` file.
1. Check out the relevant code:
    * The application under test is located in `src/main/java`
    * The test source is located in `src/sharedTest/java`. There is a single set of test source that can be executed
    either on local host using Robolectric or on emulator/device.

> 1. Create and runthe Android Instrumented Test configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create and run the Android Instrumented Test configuration
```
